Snapshot and Dumps redesign (#552)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/snapshots_and_dumps.md

### Creating Snapshots

For MeiliSearch to create snapshots, the feature must be enabled by adding the following flag:

```bash
$ meilisearch --schedule-snapshot=true
```

By default, MeiliSearch create snapshots in `snapshots/` directory.

The destination can be modified with the `--snapshot-dir` flag.

```bash
$ meilisearch --schedule-snapshot=true --snapshot-dir mySnapShots/
```

Now a snapshot will be created in `mySnapShots/` directory.

> By default, MeiliSearch schedules a snapshot creation every day. When the instance starts, it will wait 24 hours until the first snapshot. This means that if you have launched MeiliSearch on Tuesday at 4 pm, the first snapshot will be created on Wednesday at 4 pm, and so on every day.

Author: now, the first snapshot is created when meilisearch is started

The schedule can be modified with the `--snapshot-interval-sec` flag.

```bash
$ meilisearch --schedule-snapshot=true --snapshot-interval-sec 3600
```

> Now a snapshot will be created every hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now a snapshot is created every hour.
```

### Creating Snapshots

For MeiliSearch to create snapshots, the feature must be enabled by adding the following flag:

```bash
$ meilisearch --schedule-snapshot=true
```

By default, MeiliSearch creates snapshots in a directory called `snapshots/` at the root of your MeiliSearch.

The destination can be modified with the `--snapshot-dir` flag.

```bash
$ meilisearch --schedule-snapshot=true --snapshot-dir mySnapShots/
```

Now snapshots are created in `mySnapShots/` directory.

> The first snapshot is created right at the launch of MeiliSearch. After that, the next snapshot is created by default every 24h hours. This goes on until you deactivate snapshots.
> 
> The amount of time between each new snapshot can be modified with the `--snapshot-interval-sec` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first snapshot is created on launching MeiliSearch. After that, snapshots are created routinely on a set interval until you deactivate snapshots or end the MeiliSearch instance. By default, one snapshot is taken every 24 hours.

The amount of time between each new snapshot can be modified with the `--snapshot-interval-sec` flag.
```

### Creating Snapshots

For MeiliSearch to create snapshots, the feature must be enabled by adding the following flag:

```bash
$ meilisearch --schedule-snapshot=true
```

By default, MeiliSearch creates snapshots in a directory called `snapshots/` at the root of your MeiliSearch.

The destination can be modified with the `--snapshot-dir` flag.

```bash
$ meilisearch --schedule-snapshot=true --snapshot-dir mySnapShots/
```

Now snapshots are created in `mySnapShots/` directory.

> By default, MeiliSearch schedules a snapshot creation every day. When the instance starts, it will wait 24 hours until the first snapshot. This means that if you have launched MeiliSearch on Tuesday at 4 pm, the first snapshot will be created on Wednesday at 4 pm, and so on every day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first snapshot is created right at the launch of MeiliSearch with the `--schedule-snapshot=true` option.
After that, the next snapshot is created by default every 24h hours. This goes on until you deactivate snapshots.
```

> Because snapshots are zipped copies of your database that did not go through any processing, starting a MeiliSearch instance from one of them is significantly faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because snapshots are hard copies of your database that did not go through any processing, starting a MeiliSearch instance from one of them is significantly faster than dumps.
```

Or should we say `as fast as starting MeiliSearch without a snapshot`?

Using the global environment `MEILI_IMPORT_SNAPSHOT` or the CLI flag `--import-snapshot` , MeiliSearch will start the server using the provided snapshot.

```bash
$ meilisearch --import-snapshot mySnapShots/data.ms.snapshot
```

> If a database already exists, or if no snapshot is found at the given path, MeiliSearch will **stop processing and throw an error**. This is configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a database already exists, or if no snapshot is found at the given path, MeiliSearch will **stop its process and throw an error**. This is configurable.
```

Once you have exported a dump, which is a `.dump` file, you are now able to use that dump to launch MeiliSearch. As the data contained in the dump needs to be indexed, the process will take some time to complete. Only when the dump has been fully imported will the MeiliSearch server start, after which you can begin searching through your data.

```bash
./meilisearch --import-dump /dumps/20200813-042312213.dump
```

> Because the indexation is the same process as when the documents are initially added to MeiliSearch, it is still a good practice to index documents in batches if the dataset is to big. The size of the batches are based on your dataset size and on your memory capacity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because importing a dump is the same process as when documents are initially indexed by MeiliSearch, it can require some time and memory. If your dataset is very large, it is good practice to index documents in larger batches. This will speed up the indexing process at the cost of memory.
```
